

AI Mode
All
Images
Shopping
Forums
Videos
Short videos
News
Web
Maps
Books
Flights
Finance
Search tools
Feedback
Persian
English
lotfa baraye safheh shkhsi sazi ba tojeh bah ghasmat shkhsi sazi ve digar bakgrandehya inkar ve enjam badeh keh cpehmakhoni dashteh basheneh ve dar jaye khodsh gharar badeh faghat cpehmin kar ra enjambadeh sakht aks ghasmatshkhsi sazi ve gharar dadan andar safheh
Please create the image for the customization page—referencing the customization section and other backgrounds to ensure visual consistency—and place it correctly on the page. Just do this specific task: Create the image for the customization section and place it on the page.
Feedback

Improve your speaking
Practise
People also search for

Google Translate
https://translate.google.co.in
Google Translate
Google's service, offered free of charge, instantly translates words, phrases, and web pages between English and over 100 other languages.
AI Overview
Please provide the text you want to translate and tell me the language you want it changed into.
If you tell me the text and the target language, I can translate it for you right now.
Show more

Google Translate
https://translate.google.com
Google Translate
No information is available for this page.
Learn why

Chrome Web Store
https://chromewebstore.google.com
Google Translate - Chrome Web Store
Highlight or right-click on a section of text and click on Translate icon next to it to translate it to your language.

QuillBot
https://quillbot.com
Accurate AI Translation in 50+ Languages
Instantly translate text and documents into 50+ languages with Quillbot's free online language translator. Fast, accurate, and easy to use. Translate now!

blog.google
https://blog.google
Fluid, natural voice translation with Gemini 3.5 Live Translate
9 Jun 2026 — Gemini 3.5 Live Translate brings near real-time, natural speech translation to Google AI Studio, Google Translate and Google Meet.

Google Cloud
https://cloud.google.com
Cloud Translation
Google Cloud Translation helps both individuals and organizations translate a variety of file types in real-time, with best-in-class AI.

YouTube · Google
54.3L+ views · 10 years ago
Introducing Tap to Translate

1:23
Tap to Translate: instantly translate text within any app on your Android phone. No more app switching. Just copy the text and your translation ...
3 key moments in this video
People also search for
Results are personalised-Try without personalisation
India
India
 - From your IP address
Update location
Dark theme: onHelpFeedback
PrivacyTerms
Please create the image for the customization page—referencing the customization section and other backgrounds to ensure visual consistency—and place it correctly on the page.
Just do this specific task:
Create the image for the customization section
and place it on the page.